torn from the fiery pages of the
mightiest annals of the West comes the
Supreme Saga in the great tradition of
frontier drama artists
he wrote a Blazing Saddles he wore a
shining star his job dwarf or battle too
bad been near and far
what's your name well my name is Tim but
most people call me Jim well do your
best let's see where were we
Oh Rock Ridge Rock Ridge I want that
land clumsy fool I'm sorry wait a minute
there might be legal precedent of course
then snatching sea land let land sea
snatch ah
hello handsome they start a 10-gallon
hat so just sign this sir right here
oh okay give us a hand here all right
sir work work work work work work work
work work the heroic Sheriff rallies his
citizens in the wildest finish the West
has ever seen or the movies have ever
shown ever see such cruelty
you